and I just got taken out by car sweet
all right at least I'm in somewhere a
little more less pow all right but good
wicket oh shit the car they're very good
we're good oh holy shit this is
literally a job like a jump-scare oh my
god hello was it me you're looking oh
she's on fire take her out of her misery
people oh I think I helped Joe hat
where's Sam I'm looking at oh right okay
so I've got a helicopter I just want to
see how long i last in a helicopter with
carmageddon I just want to see I just
wanna see what looks like so let's go
all right well here we go okay we're
getting pretty low i mean we wanted to
be there not be too low cuz Jesus that
wasn't very long oh my goodness well
that was a great test 10 out of 10 would
would test again all right well that was
test number one what if we do on a
slightly different bit of a slightly
different bit of vehicle alright so now
i am in an airplane and a yeah Lester
let's just go see how this turns out
with an aeroplane and I've made it
invincible just so we can see how long
and because it's gonna hit me and
knocked me off course it'll be funny to
see how long I can last this sort of
that was a oh ok I would have exploded
there nevermind oh goodness it's good
thing we got invincibility on because I
would have been fucked come on fire
truck
no still trapped alright so we're back
again this time I've realized I need to
keep my wheels out because if I crash I
can at least then try and maneuver
myself back up oh I intend on a life now
it's on okay here we go it should be fun
oh shit i actually need to steer as well
i did you get that oh this isn't gonna
be good oh and I we're good we're call
will call okay we're done oh my god how
are we still going are not the same bit
of fucking motorway all right we're good
we're good we go because you got our
wheels out so it's good
all right here we are back again at the
airport attempt number 37 about
different clean this time it's a lot
slower actually probably not a good idea
but we'll see how it goes try and stay
away from prize mother fell apart from
that one that one's right Ellen was good
we didn't get hurt from that one I mean
we're still flying let's do this I want
to actually get into the main city
before i crash again because that's
annoying see if we can get the main city
first I feel like I should put in my
wink like doors but I know it's gonna
screw me over if I if I start you down
then I'll put my weight my doors out or
whatever all right here we go when
dented entender don't enter and denon
then don't attend gender and gender and
Jenna don't don't attend get it holy
shit oh shit oh shit nevermind we're
cool man mine were cool oh god dun dun
dun dun dun dun dun dun and Jenna don't
under the dungeon go then don't oh uh
well we're true fuck here I mean unless
we get pushed over oh here we go right
oh wait yes told you new work out well
actually worked over pretty well let's
keep her going keep it going there but
their dad I didn't want the music's
changing all the time but it's cool oh
cool we're still cool
what the hell I just course like legit
stopped in my tracks all right putting
back on now Oh how's the balladeer very
bad idea very bad idea oh wait wait wait
wait you're up in the air again it's all
cool it's all cool look cool nothing's
happening just yet go under the bridge
come on take off oh don't go crazy on me
car yes oh it's just bullshit oh no no
no no come on knows me knows me someone
loves me watch me just a little bit yes
oh wait oh gosh oh my what is going on
now Jesus Christ right okay what I don't
get bollocks thank you guys for watching
if you enjoyed this video make sure to
give it a thumbs up and I'll see you
guys for another episode or something
cool like that I'm sure well another mod
or we'll have some more fun with all
these mods put together because it's a
pretty crazy combination but thank guys
watching and I'll see you guys another
GTA video good bye